I need you around this weekend give a
problem set which is my grandmother's
90th birthday sorry I was gonna go home
and it's fine I'll cancel it that you
family yes they tell you to quit every
single day
Margaret Tate's office your visa
application is denied you're being
deported from Canada barb interruption
gentlemen there's something you should
know we're getting married
who he's kidding good night you and I
are getting married
can't fight a love like ours no I'm not
gonna marry if you don't you'll be on
the street I'm looking for a job have
the two of you told your parents we're
going through their places we can lure
them Alaska Alaska on June 19 some
proposed will change you that's the case
for better or worse if you get chilly
use this I call that the baby maker be
super careful with that Sandra Bullock
hello Ryan Reynolds proposal maybe you
loosen certain areas he's like an Easter
egg hunters June 19th
[Music]